---
title: IT Lesson 3
layout: post
author: manaank.chandwani
permalink: /it-lesson-3/
source-id: 1JZYh6j47aZeFJD-rgYFqjnR3REsQ3mfGxQOKEhmh0gk
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>IT Lesson 3</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>26/9/18</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>To have not started to do decoded cypher text etc.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To have successfully managed to add in decode cypher text.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target?</td>
    <td>Yes by the end I had got it working. </td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>How did you use your learning habits this week?</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Persevering</td>
    <td>A couple of times my vlookup code didn't work but I didn’t give up and I kept on trying to make it work. Persevering worked very well for me last lesson as it eventually ended up working.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Questioning?</td>
    <td>I did question whether my code was right. However I did think this was the area I probably need to improve on the most as I didn’t use it a lot last lesson.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Independence</td>
    <td>I think I worked pretty independently and figured most things out myself. This helped me as I learnt more and didn’t waste a lot of time.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Reflecting</td>
    <td>I think I reflected very well after the lesson. I thought about what I’d learnt and whether I’d done well in the lesson. </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Engagement</td>
    <td>I think I was pretty engaged during the lesson but it could certainly be improved, there were a few occasions where I was distracted.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What could have gone better in your learning?</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I think I could have probably been more engaged and concentrated. There were a few occasions where I got distracted and started talking about things that were irrelevant to the work. I think if I was more concentrated I could have done more work. I also think I could have questioned a lot more. This would certainly benefit me.</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What changes do you need to make to improve your learning next time?</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I will try to be more concentrated during the lesson. This will make sure I am more efficient and therefore I will get more work done. I will also question more as I didn’t do much of that last lesson.</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
</table>


