---
title: IT Lesson 1
layout: post
author: manaank.chandwani
permalink: /it-lesson-1/
source-id: 1XHeuYFnVauqKYCyem-genR56XoRuDlUZGAIJiHCt4i4
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Github Blog</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>12/9/18</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>To have just created a new github repository.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To have started to create my new blog.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target?</td>
    <td>Yes by the end I had already made a start on my blog page.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>How did you use your learning habits this week?</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Persevering</td>
    <td>When I was changing my avatar I think I persevered. I had made a couple of mistakes and my avatar wasn't changing. I did get a bit frustrated but I persevered and eventually after 3 tries it finally worked.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Questioning?</td>
    <td>I think this is one of the things that I need to improve on. I didn’t really ask many questions. However I did question my own work by asking questions like, does that look nice? Etc.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Independence</td>
    <td>I think I was quite independent with my learning in the lesson and figured the majority of things out by myself. </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Reflecting</td>
    <td>As this lesson was mainly listening there wasn’t too much to reflect on in terms of actual work. I think this habit will be more useful in the forthcoming weeks.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Engagement</td>
    <td>I think I listened quite well during the lesson. I was engaged in what was being said and was concentrated. </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What could have gone better in your learning?</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I think when we started working on our blogs after the first part of the lesson I could have been a bit more efficient. I was a bit distracted and could have perhaps got more work done during the lesson. I just finished the config.yml part of the blog and maybe if I’d worked a bit quicker I would have got on to the style part of my blog.</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What changes do you need to make to improve your learning next time?</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I will certainly try to be a bit quicker and more efficient. This will make sure I get more work done. I will try to question more and do more reflecting on my work next lesson. </td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
</table>


